feature: Create Azure Terraform modules. Closes: cksource/cs#8996 (#8)
cksource/ckeditor-cs-on-premises-infrastructure: azure/aks/README.md

## List of modules

Short description of every module in this directory:

### [service](service)

Module provisioning the CKEditor Collaboration Server on top of Azure AKS by
using Helm chart. You can find more information about the used Helm chart here:
[kubernetes/helm/ckeditor-cs](/kubernetes//helm/ckeditor-cs/)

### [infrastructure](infrastructure)

The module is responsible for provisioning all elements of infrastructure
required to run the CKEditor Collaboration Server on Microsoft Azure. It creates
the whole infrastructure in one dedicated resource group for separation from the
rest of the resources in the Azure account.

## Quickstart

Check how can you utilize those modules in our [example](example-usage).

## Infrastructure overview

![CKEditor-cs Azure infrastructure diagram](diagram.jpg)

### Azure Virtual Network

The private network is hosted inside Azure infrastructure. Contains five subnets
for:
- 10.0.0.0/22 AKS node pool
- 10.0.4.0/22 MySQL
- 10.0.8.0/22 Storage account
- 10.0.12.0/22 Redis private endpoint
- 10.0.16.0/22 Application Gateway

### Azure Private Endpoint

A network interface connecting privately Redis Cache cluster to the Azure
virtual network.

> ### Azure AKS

Reviewer: We know that K8 is more and more popular. I would even say that it has a monopoly. As a follow-up, it will be good to prepare recommendations for K8 for AWS too, similarly to [https://github.com/cksource/ckeditor-cs-on-premises-infrastructure/tree/main/aws/ecs](https://github.com/cksource/ckeditor-cs-on-premises-infrastructure/tree/main/aws/ecs) .

Thanks to this we could even start thinking about changing our recommendation and start recommending using On-premies on K8 :thinking:

> Managed Kubernetes cluster hosted inside the virtual network with Azure Log
> Analytics enabled. The cluster has enabled Application Gateway integration for
> managed provisioning of Ingress controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a managed Kubernetes cluster hosted inside the virtual network with Azure Log
Analytics enabled. The cluster is configured with Application Gateway for
managed provisioning of an Ingress controller.
```
☝️ please double check the last sentence (had to change it, hope it still makes sense)

### Azure Redis Cache

> Azure managed Redis database cluster accessible only through the Azure Private
> Endpoint in Virtual Network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Azure managed Redis database cluster accessible only through the Azure Private
Endpoint in the Virtual Network.
```

Btw, are these hard line breaks added on purpose? Not sure if they should be added like this, it might make the readme look weird

Author: Yes, one of my plugins in vscode handles it for me. It doesn't affect the markdown rendering, because it needs two new lines to break line in rendered document. IMO it increases the readability and helps in writing.

Reviewer 2: Cool 👍  which plugin is that? 😄

Author: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stkb.rewrap
Can recommend it without any hesitation :D I use it for commit messages, markdown and comments in code

### Azure MySQL Flexible Server

> Azure managed MySQL database cluster with automatic backups enabled. Backups
> have retention configured to 7 days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An Azure-managed MySQL database cluster with automatic backups enabled. Backups
have retention configured to 7 days.
```

### Azure Application Gateway

> Provisioned by AKS integration load balancing service. Used for exposing the
> CKEditor Collaboration Server outside the virtual network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provisioned by the AKS integration load balancing service, this is a gateway used for exposing Collaboration Server On-Premises outside the virtual network.
```

### Azure Storage Account and Container

> Private encrypted blob storage managed by Azure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A private encrypted blob storage managed by Azure.
```
